everyone here I bring you the review of also jokes
he mentioned
and here we have the letter
we can see the logo insists she prestige silver
wolf depend
and was made today in china in 2010
rosemary like
according to cospedal time behind the head
and where they open
we have that instruction manual
the ecomuseum instructions form the object
and see how the figure is put
behind
information about the character and us methods that have supported the
sale
the exit
swim market
and here we have the other one
and we can by the figures of exhibitions
i but for the helmet
we have the case with nothing else I did not hide it because lantek the antennas are
it falls a lot
up the skeleton of the armor other one is central part of the onu the of
the hands that have the chain
the chains
and another chain to form the right thing
waiter
extra chains for positions one base for the object and another chain
here we have the figure
as you can see the face is very good
not one of the best but it's well done
from across
from the side
behind
in the other side
and another from the front
you can not see well in video but the state shame we swore as in the
caricature is one thing that I did not like
forcefulness that if you have big hair
for metal parts
in the shoulder pads the chest
the by the hands this part xd plastic and belts of this law and this part
what's here
They are two parts are plastic
i all of the leg from half
here we have how the andromeda object looks
with a bridge, I did not put the antenna on him because he drops a lot or the chain that goes
between the body
and is that in front
the DNA
behind
in the other side
and another is the front
for it is synthetic parts shoulder pads it is very obvious
chest
after here they are extras
min the erector of the knees goes down from the chest
the armor of the hands the mature covering the fists armadora of the
feet
but of the legs
ista the belt
I think that's all
yes I know that my channel to see another review instigate subscribe to
support me so that you are when you added more
and that was all from this review and transportation